Questions for National Parks quiz

1. How many National Parks are there in the US? (Using the official "National Park" designation only)
	108	
	94
	62*
	76
The 61 National Parks are located in 29 states and 2 US Territories (American Samoa and US Virgin Islands). Including other federally-protected park sites like National Monuments and National Historical Parks, in 2019 there were 419 total sites under the jurisdiction of the National Park Service. In 2019, Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore and White Sands National Monument were both re-designated as National Parks.
	
2. Which National Park was the first to be established?
	Yosemite National Park, California
	Yellowstone National Park, Montana/Wyoming/Idaho*
	Everglades National Park, Florida
	Acadia National Park, Maine
The three states incorporating Yellowstone National Park were still territories when Congress established Yellowstone in 1872. Most visitors arrived by wagon, or on horseback. 

3. Which state has the most National Parks?
	Utah
	Alaska
	California
	A+B
	A+C
	B+C*
Alaska and California each have 8 National Parks. Utah has 6.

4. Which National Park is fully contained on an island?
	Dry Torguas National Park, Florida*
	Congaree National Park, South Carolina
	Capitol Reef National Park, Utah
	Kenai Fjords National Park, Alaska 
Dry Tortugas is an island grouping 70 miles west of Key West. Other water-locked National Parks include Channel Islands, California; Acadia, Maine; and Isle Royale, Michigan.

5. How many National Trails are there in the US?
	15
	6
	22
	11*
There are 11 active National Trails in the National Park System, and 19 National Historic Trails. The difference: National Trails are meant to be walked, while National Historic Trails designate the pathways of historically important historical people or events. (Ex. Oregon Trail, Trail of Tears, Selma to Montgomery, etc.) 

6. What National Park had the most visitors in 2018?
	Zion National Park, Utah
	Great Smoky Mountains National Park, Tennessee/North Carolina*
	Yosemite National Park, California
	Grand Canyon National Park, Arizona
Great Smoky Mountains NP drew 11.4 million visitors. Grand Canyon was next with 6.38 million.

7. Which National Park was used in the filming of Star Wars: Episode IV (A New Hope)?
	Joshua Tree National Park, California
	Canyonlands National Park, Utah
	White Sands National Park, NM
	Death Valley National Park, California*
The Mesquite Flats Sand Dunes, Desolations Canyon, Dante's View and other locations were used to create Tatooine. (The film was also shot on location in Tunisia and Guatemala.)

8. Which National Park is the largest in area?
	Grand Canyon National Park, Arizona
	Glacier National Park, Montana
	Wrangell-St. Elias National Park, Alaska*
	Denali National Park, Alaska
At 13.2 million acres, it's larger than Yellowstone, Yosemite, and Switzerland....combined.

9. 